[clang] Emit bad shift warnings (#70307)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang no longer emits a "no previous prototype" warning for Win32 entry points under ``-Wmissing-prototypes``.
  Fixes #GH94366.

> - Clang now diagnoses non-C++11 integer constant expressions. Fixes #GH59863

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now diagnoses integer constant expressions that are folded to a constant value as an extension in more circumstances . Fixes #GH59863
```
